https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-17506--Add Troubleshooting for Edge Manager (#7598)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: troubleshooting/troubleshooting_intro.adoc

[#troubleshooting]
= Troubleshooting

> Before using the Troubleshooting guide, you can run the `oc adm must-gather` command to gather details, logs, and take steps in debugging issues.

Reviewer: Will need to change this now because that only applies to the original must gather.

> Before using the Troubleshooting guide, you can run the `oc adm must-gather` command to gather details, logs, and take steps in debugging issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View troubleshooting topics for {acm-short} components. Before using the _Troubleshooting_ guides, you can run a `must-gather` command to gather details, logs, and take steps in debugging issues.
```

> For more details for troubleshooting {acm-short} components, see the following sections:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For `must-gather` information, see the following sections:
```
